This video shows how to use the HP AiO Printer
Remote app in Windows 10.
The HP AiO Printer Remote app connects to
and checks the status of your printer.
Connect your computer to the printer,
then make sure you have an Internet connection.
Once you have installed your printer's full-feature
driver, the app automatically installs.
Type AiO Printer Remote app into the search bar,
then select AiO Printer Remote app from the results.
If you do not have the app,
open the Start menu, click Store,
search for HP remote,
then install the app on your computer.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
You can use the app to check
Internet connection status, ink supply levels,
and error states.
You can also connect to other printers on
your network, access HP support, and order supplies.
Use the Printer Information tile to check
printer status.
If the printer is in ready mode, a green checkmark displays.
When the printer is in error mode, an orange
caution triangle displays.
The Controls tile options vary depending on
your printer model
and what version of Windows 10 your computer
is using.
Options include,
Print Photos, Print Documents, Scan,
and Document Capture.
The Toolbox tile's options vary depending
on your printer model
and what version of Windows 10 your computer
is using.
Options include Reports such as Wireless Test
Report and Printer Quality Report,
Maintenance, Preferences, and See what's
printing which shows a list of print jobs.
The Services tile provide resources for HP services.
Available options within this tile are
HP Connected, Printer Registration, Support
and HP Instant Ink.
The Resources tile's options vary depending
on your printer model and
what version of Windows 10 your computer is using.
Options in this tile include HP Scan and Capture and
Get HP software and drivers for accessing
the Printer Install Wizard.
You can find additional helpful videos at
hp.com/SupportVideos
and on our YouTube channel, youtube.com/HPPrinterSupport.